Update puppeteer to latest supported version (and other dependency updates) (#689)
pa11y/pa11y: MIGRATION.md

## Table of contents

* [Migrating from 7.0 to 8.0](#migrating-from-70-to-80)
* [Migrating from 6.0 to 7.0](#migrating-from-60-to-70)
* [Migrating from 5.0 to 6.0](#migrating-from-50-to-60)
* [Migrating from 4.0 to 5.0](#migrating-from-40-to-50)
* [Migrating from 3.0 to 4.0](#migrating-from-30-to-40)
* [Migrating from 2.0 to 3.0](#migrating-from-20-to-30)
* [Migrating from 1.0 to 2.0](#migrating-from-10-to-20)

## Migrating from 7.0 to 8.0

> Pa11y 8 upgrades to Puppeteer 22, which defaults to using the [_new_ headless mode](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/chromium/new-headless) in Chrome. Note that this headless implementation is different from the previous headless mode, but is closer to the headful Chrome behavior. This can have performance implications, see the [Puppeteer docs](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer?tab=readme-ov-file#default-runtime-settings) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pa11y 8 upgrades Puppeteer to version 22, a major update which defaults to Chrome's [_new_ headless mode](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/chromium/new-headless) to more closely mimic the behavior of headful Chrome. This may affect performance; see the [Puppeteer docs](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer?tab=readme-ov-file#default-runtime-settings) for more information.
```

Author: Looks good to me
